>> Woodruff: AN EGYPTIAN COURT
SAID TODAY FORMER PRESIDENT
HOSNI MUBARAK COULD SOON BE
FREED FROM JAIL.
GOOD EVENING.
I'M JUDY WOODRUFF.
>> Brown: I'M JEFFREY BROWN.
ON THE NEWSHOUR TONIGHT, THE
NEWS ABOUT MUBARAK COMES AS THE
DEATH TOLL IN THE CURRENT SURGE
OF VIOLENCE NEARS 1,000.
WE HAVE AN EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW
WITH EGYPT'S AMBASSADOR TO THE
U.S.
>> Woodruff: THEN, CAN THE
POLICE SEIZE YOUR CASH, YOUR
CAR, EVEN YOUR HOME IF YOU'RE
DETAINED?
WE TALK TO THE REPORTER WHO
INVESTIGATED THE PRACTICE FOR
THE "NEW YORKER" MAGAZINE.
>> Brown: WHAT'S THE PROBLEM
WITH WASHINGTON?
WE KICK OFF A SERIES ON
GOVERNING AND LEADERSHIP.
TONIGHT, THREE HISTORIANS ON
PARTISANSHIP AND GRIDLOCK IN THE
NATION'S CAPITAL.
>> Woodruff:  AND IN AN AGE OF
BUDGET CUTS, THE U.S. SPACE
AGENCY MUST REIN IN ITS ORBITS
OF EXPLORATION.
WE TAKE A CLOSER LOOK AT NASA'S
UNCERTAIN FUTURE.
>> NASA FOR YEARS HAS HAD A FLAT
BUDGET.
>> Woodruff: THAT'S ALL AHEAD ON
TONIGHT'S "NEWSHOUR."